What is `NPM`?
npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language maintained by npm, Inc. 
npm is the default package manager for the JavaScript runtime environment Node.js. 
It consists of a command line client, also called npm, and an online database of public and paid-for private packages, called the npm registry.

What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Parcel and Webpack are JS packages which are called bundlers. Their job is to minify, optimise, clean the code, 
so that it becomes easier to send a request or receive the response from the server.

What is 'parcel-cache'?
parcel-cache stores information about the project when thae pacel builds it, so that the next time you build it, it builds faster.

What is `npx`?
npx is the execute command for npm.

What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
Dependencies are the packages installed which are used for the project to run. devDependencies are those packages which helps developers while developement.

What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of dead code.

What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. 

What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
A gitignore file specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore. You should add those files in gitignore which can be replicated in the server.

What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json?
package.son contains all the version of dependencies which are installed in your project. package-lock.json locks the exaxt present version of the build. You should not
delete this file as it contains the information of the dependencies which are currently installed in the system.

What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
node_modules are the files which npm installs when you install any packages. it contains are the dependencies and trasitive dependencies which the package needs. It is
not a good idea to push it in git as it is a very heavy file and all the information about the dependencies can be accessed from package-lock.json file.

What is 'dist'?
dist folder contains all the minified files for the build.

